John works as a salesman on a program at IBM in sales in London.
John works as a salesman on a program for IBM in sales in London.
John works as a salesman on a program in a company in sales in London.
John works as a salesman on a program in a company in sales at AEOI.
John has a salesman job in a company in sales in London.
John has a salesman job with an institute in sales in London.
John has a salesman job at IBM in sales in London.
John has a salesman job in a company in sales at AEOI.
John has a salesman job with an institute in sales at AEOI.
John has a salesman job at IBM in sales at AEOI.
John has the job of a salesman in a company in sales in London.
John has the job of a salesman with an institute in sales in London.
John has the job of a salesman at IBM in sales in London.
John has the job of a salesman in a company in sales at AEOI.
John has the job of a salesman with an institute in sales at AEOI.
John has the job of a salesman at IBM in sales at AEOI.
John has a job as a salesman in a company in sales in London.
John has a job as a salesman with an institute in sales in London.
John has a job as a salesman at IBM in sales in London.
John has a job as a salesman in a company in sales at AEOI.
John has a job as a salesman with an institute in sales at AEOI.
John has a job as a salesman at IBM in sales at AEOI.
The job of John is a salesman in a company in sales in London.
The job of John is a salesman with an institute in sales in London.
The job of John is a salesman at IBM in sales in London.
The job of John is a salesman in a company in sales at AEOI.
The job of John is a salesman with an institute in sales at AEOI.
The job of John is a salesman at IBM in sales at AEOI.
The job of John is as a salesman in a company in sales in London.
The job of John is as a salesman with an institute in sales in London.
The job of John is as a salesman at IBM in sales in London.
The job of John is as a salesman in a company in sales at AEOI.
The job of John is as a salesman with an institute in sales at AEOI.
The job of John is as a salesman at IBM in sales at AEOI.
John has a job of management in a company in sales in London.
John has a job of management with an institute in sales in London.
John has a job of management at IBM in sales in London.
John has a job of management in a company in sales at AEOI.
John has a job of management with an institute in sales at AEOI.
John has a job of management at IBM in sales at AEOI.
John is employed as a salesman in a company in sales in London.
John is a salesman.
Mary is a female.
Mary has the gender of a female.
The gender of Mary is a female.
A female gender is held by Mary.
Mary lives in a town with John.
Mary lives on a dessert with John.
Mary lives above a station with John.
Mary lives around a station with John.
Mary lives across a border with John.
Mary lives at a house with John.
Mary lives down a road with John.
Mary lives near a site with John.
Mary lives outside a community with John.
Mary lives upon an island with John.
Mary lives along a road with John.
Mary is a resident of London.
Mary is a resident from London.
Mary is a resident in London.
Mary is inhabited in a town with John.
Mary is born in London in 1986.
A garage is rented by Moore at a rate of 500 dollars from Dawson.
A car is bought in London for John by Mary from George at a price of 300 dollars.
A car is bought for John in London from George for 300 dollars by Mary.
A car is bought for John in London from George with 300 dollars by Mary.
A car is bought from George at a price of 300 dollars by Mary for John.
A car is bought by Mary for John from George for 300 dollars.
A car is bought with 300 dollars in London by Mary from George for John.
A purchase of a car is made for John from George at a price of 300 dollars by Mary in London.
A purchase of a car is made from George for John for 300 dollars by Mary in London.
A purchase of a car is made by Mary in London with 300 dollars from George for John.
400 dollars is paid for a store by Mary.
400 dollars is paid to John for a store by Mary.
Mary is a buyer of a store.
A car is sold to John by Mary in London at a price of 300 dollars.
A car was sold to John in London by Mary for 300 dollars.
A car is being sold to John at a price of 300 dollars by Mary in London.
A car will be sold in London to John by Mary for 300 dollars.
A car is owned by Mary.
Mary is the owner of a car.
Mary is in a possession of a car.
Mary has the ownership of a car.
A meal is cooked in a kitchen by Mary for John.
A suit is dressed in by John.
A suit is put on by John.
A suit is worn by John.
Mary commutes from Boston to London.
A trip from Boston to London is made by Mary.
A company is founded in London by Mary.
Mary is the founder of a company in London.
A bachelor degree in Biology was obtained by Mary from Cambridge University.
Mary enrolls in Cambridge University.
Mary goes to Cambridge University.
Cambridge University has been entered by Mary.
Biology was studied by Mary at Cambridge University.
Mary graduates from Cambridge University.
Some money is donated to a school by Mary.
Mary is a donor to a school.
A church is endowed with some money by Mary.
A donation of some money was made by Mary to a school.
Mary and John are married.
Mary is married to John.
Mary and John are a couple.
Mary is the mother of John.
Mary is the daughter of John.
Mary is a parent of John.
Mary is a child of John.
Mary is the wife of John.
John is the husband of Mary.
John is the son of Mary.
John is the father of Mary.
Mary is an American.
The ancestry of Mary is American.
Mary has an American ancestry.
Mary is a Christian.
A religion of Mary is a Christian.
Mary works with John on a project.
Mary works with John in a project.
Mary has a cooperation with John over a project.
Mary is a partner of John.
The company is left by Mary.
A job is quit by Mary.
Mary resigns as a chairman from a company.
Mary resigns from a chairman of a company.
A resignation is made by Mary as chairman from a company.
A cold is got by Mary.
Mary is infected with a cold.
Mary suffers from a cold.
Mary has an age of 20.
Mary is at the age of 20.
Mary is under the age of 20.
Mary is 20.
A Nobel prize was assigned to Mary by Swedish Academy in 1986.
Mary was awarded a Nobel Prize in 1986.
A weapon is used by a soldier.
Iraq's use of a nuclear weapon is banned.
A new house is built with a hammer by Jack.
The construction of a new house is made by Jack with a hammer.
Mary is killed by Jack with a knife.
Jack is a killer of Mary.
Jack is arrested by the police for a murder.
Jack is under arrest by police for murder.
Jack is under arrest by police on a charge of murder.
Jack is arrested by the police on a charge of murder.
A guardsman is attacked by a mysterious fighter.
An attack on Iraq was launched by US troops.
An attack against Iraq was launched by US troops.
A company is led by Jack as chairman.
Jack is the leader of a company.
Mary perished in Italy in 1979.
Mary dies of cancer in Italy in 1979.
Mary perishes from some hunger in Italy in 1979.
A car is manufactured by GE.
GE is a manufacturer of cars.
The manufacture of cars was made by GE.
3000 dollars on investment was earned by John.
John has an income of 3000 dollars on investment.
Mary is beat by John in a game.
John is beat by Mary at a game.
The defeat of Mary in a game is sad.
The defeat of Mary at a game is sad.
A headache of Jack is cured by Mary with a pill.
Jack is cured by Mary with a pill.
Paris is visited by Mary.
Mary arrives in Paris.
Mary arrives at Paris.
Mary comes to Paris.
The arrival of Mary in Paris is delayed.
The arrival of Mary at Paris is delayed.
A visit of Mary to Paris is delayed.
Paris is left by Mary.
Mary leaves from Paris.
John is called by Mary.
Mary writes to John.
A call to John is made by Mary.
Contact is made with John by Mary.
Mary protests against the government.
A protest against the government was made by Mary.
A form will be submitted by Mary to a government.
Hamlet is played by John in a play with Mary.
The role of Hamlet is played by John in a play with Mary.
John acts as Hamlet in a play with Mary.
John co-stars with Mary in a play.
A suspect will be released by the police from prison.
Mary is released from a prison.
A contract is signed by Mary.
Mary accedes to a contract.
An article is published with Nature by Mary.
An article is published by Mary in Nature.
An article of Mary is published by Nature.
3000 dollars on investments are lost by John.
John has a loss of 3000 dollars on investment.
The phone was lost by John.
Mary surrenders to the police on a charge of murder.
A letter is written by Mary.
A watch was stolen from John by Mary.
A hat is taken off by Mary.
Food is grown by Mary.
Mary participates in an event with John.
Mary is involved in an event with John.
A book is borrowed from John by Mary.
A book was lent by Mary to John.
KFC is a cheap and American restaurant in the US.
A headache is cured with a pill by Mary.
An article was published by Mary in Nature.
An article on waltz was published by Mary.
John is employed by IBM in London.
Some beef is imported by China from Japan.
Some beef is exported to China by Japan.
A trip is scheduled in an office by Mary.
A trip was scheduled by Mary at a school.
A trip to London will be scheduled by Mary.
