John works as a salesman on a program at IBM in sales in London.
John works as a salesman on a program for IBM in sales in London.
John works as a salesman on a program in a company in sales in London.
John works as a salesman on a program in a company in sales at AEOI.
John has a salesman job in a company in sales in London.
John has a salesman job with an institute in sales in London.
John has a salesman job at IBM in sales in London.
John has a salesman job in a company in sales at AEOI.
John has a salesman job with an institute in sales at AEOI.
John has a salesman job at IBM in sales at AEOI.
John has the job of a salesman in a company in sales in London.
John has the job of a salesman with an institute in sales in London.
John has the job of a salesman at IBM in sales in London.
John has the job of a salesman in a company in sales at AEOI.
John has the job of a salesman with an institute in sales at AEOI.
John has the job of a salesman at IBM in sales at AEOI.
John has a job as a salesman in a company in sales in London.
John has a job as a salesman with an institute in sales in London.
John has a job as a salesman at IBM in sales in London.
John has a job as a salesman in a company in sales at AEOI.
John has a job as a salesman with an institute in sales at AEOI.
John has a job as a salesman at IBM in sales at AEOI.
The job of John is a salesman in a company in sales in London.
The job of John is a salesman with an institute in sales in London.
The job of John is a salesman at IBM in sales in London.
The job of John is a salesman in a company in sales at AEOI.
The job of John is a salesman with an institute in sales at AEOI.
The job of John is a salesman at IBM in sales at AEOI.
The job of John is as a salesman in a company in sales in London.
The job of John is as a salesman with an institute in sales in London.
The job of John is as a salesman at IBM in sales in London.
The job of John is as a salesman in a company in sales at AEOI.
The job of John is as a salesman with an institute in sales at AEOI.
The job of John is as a salesman at IBM in sales at AEOI.
John has a job of management in a company in sales in London.
John has a job of management with an institute in sales in London.
John has a job of management at IBM in sales in London.
John has a job of management in a company in sales at AEOI.
John has a job of management with an institute in sales at AEOI.
John has a job of management at IBM in sales at AEOI.
John is employed as a salesman in a company in sales in London.
John is a salesman.
Mary is a female.
Mary has the gender of female.
The gender of Mary is female.
Mary holds a female gender.
Mary lives in a town with John.
Mary lives on a dessert with John.
Mary lives above a station with John.
Mary lives around a station with John.
Mary lives across a border with John.
Mary lives at a house with John.
Mary lives down a road with John.
Mary lives near a site with John.
Mary lives outside a community with John.
Mary lives upon an island with John.
Mary lives along a road with John.
Mary is a resident of London.
Mary is a resident from London.
Mary is a resident in London.
Mary is inhabited in a town with John.
Mary was born in London in 1986.
Moore rents a garage from Dawson at a rate of 500 dollars.
Mary buys a car from George for John in London at a price of 300 dollars.
Mary buys a car from George for John in London for 300 dollars.
Mary buys a car from George for John in London with 300 dollars.
Mary buys John a car from George in London at a price of 300 dollars.
Mary buys John a car from George in London for 300 dollars.
Mary buys John a car from George in London with 300 dollars.
Mary makes a purchase of a car from George for John in London at a price of 300 dollars.
Mary makes a purchase of a car from George for John in London for 300 dollars.
Mary makes a purchase of a car from George for John in London with 300 dollars.
Mary pays 400 dollars for a store.
Mary pays John 400 dollars for a store.
Mary is a buyer of a store.
Mary sells a car to John in London at a price of 300 dollars.
Mary sells a car to John in London for 300 dollars.
Mary sells John a car in London at a price of 300 dollars.
Mary sells John a car in London for 300 dollars.
Mary owns a car.
Mary is the owner of a car.
Mary is in the possession of a car.
Mary has the ownership of a car.
Mary cooks a meal in the kitchen for John.
John dresses in a suit.
John puts on a suit.
John wears a suit.
Mary commutes from Boston to London.
Mary makes a trip from Boston to London.
Mary founds a company in London in 1990.
Mary is the founder of a company in London.
Mary obtains a bachelor degree in Biology from Cambridge University.
Mary enrolls in Cambridge University.
Mary goes to Cambridge University.
Mary enters Cambridge University.
Mary studies Biology at Cambridge University.
Mary graduates from Cambridge University.
Mary donates some money to a school.
Mary is a donor to a school.
Mary endows a church with some money.
Mary makes a donation of some money to a school.
Mary and John are married.
Mary is married to John.
Mary and John are a couple.
Mary is the mother of John.
Mary is the daughter of John.
Mary is a parent of John.
Mary is a child of John.
Mary is the wife of John.
John is the husband of Mary.
John is the son of Mary.
John is the father of Mary.
Mary is an American.
The ancestry of Mary is American.
Mary has an American ancestry.
Mary is a Christian.
The religion of Mary is Christian.
Mary works with John on a project.
Mary works with John in a project.
Mary has a cooperation with John over a project.
Mary is a partner of John.
Mary leaves the company.
Mary quits a job.
Mary resigns as the chairman from a company.
Mary resigns from the chairman of a company.
Mary makes a resignation as the chairman from a company.
Mary gets a cold.
Mary is infected with a cold.
Mary suffers from a cold.
Mary has an age of 20.
Mary is at the age of 20.
Mary is under the age of 20.
Mary is 20.
Mary is assigned a Nobel prize by Swedish Academy in 1986.
A Nobel prize is awarded to Mary in 1986.
A soldier uses a weapon.
Iraq's use of a nuclear weapon is banned.
Jack builds a new house with a hammer.
Jack makes the construction of a new house with a hammer.
Jack kills mary with a knife.
Jack is the killer of Mary.
The police arrest Jack for murder.
Jack is under arrest by police for murder.
Jack is under arrest by police on a charge of murder.
The police arrest Jack on a charge of murder.
A mysterious fighter attacks a guardsman.
US troops launch an attack on Iraq.
US troops launch an attack against Iraq.
Jack leads a company as a chairman.
Jack is the leader of a company.
Mary perished in Italy in 1979.
Mary dies of cancer in Italy in 1979.
Mary perishes from hunger in Italy in 1979.
GE manufactures cars.
GE is a manufacturer of cars.
GE makes the manufacture of cars.
John earns 3000 dollars on investment.
John has an income of 3000 dollars on investment.
Mary beats John in a game.
Mary beats John at a game.
The defeat of Mary in a game is sad.
The defeat of Mary at a game is sad.
Mary cures the headache of Jack with a pill.
Mary cures Jack with a pill.
Mary visits Paris.
Mary arrives in Paris.
Mary arrives at Paris.
Mary comes to Paris.
The arrival of Mary in Paris is delayed.
The arrival of Mary at Paris is delayed.
A visit of Mary to Paris is delayed.
Mary leaves Paris.
Mary leaves from Paris to London.
Mary calls John.
Mary writes to John.
Mary makes a call to John.
Mary makes a contact with John.
Mary protests against the government.
Mary makes a protest against the government.
Mary submits a form to the government.
John plays Hamlet in a play with Mary.
John plays the role of Hamlet in a play with Mary.
John acts as Hamlet in a play with Mary.
John co-stars with Mary in a play.
The police release a suspect from prison.
Mary is released from a prison.
Mary signs a contract.
Mary accedes to a contract.
Mary publishes an article with Nature.
Mary publishes an article in Nature.
Nature publishes an article of Mary.
John loses 3000 dollars on investment.
John has a loss of 3000 dollars on investment.
John loses the phone.
Mary surrenders to the police on a charge of murder.
Mary writes a letter.
Mary steals a watch from John.
Mary takes off the hat.
Mary grows food.
Mary participates in an event with John.
Mary is involved in an event with John.
Mary borrows a book from John.
Mary lends a book to John.
KFC is a cheap American restaurant in the US.
Mary cures the headache with a pill.
Mary publishes an article in Nature.
Mary publishes an article on Waltz.
John is employed by IBM in London.
China imports beef from Japan.
Japan exports beef to China.
Mary schedules a meeting in the office.
Mary schedules a meeting at the school.
Mary schedules a trip to London.
Mary inhabits the place.
Mary applied for a teaching job.
Mary admits on the arrest for burglary.
Mary launches assault in John.
Mary protests officials.
Mary does something at the age of 16.
Mary recieves a call from John.
Mary is a resident at a street.
